fix: change dropin name to drop-in (#105)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: _drafts/_dropins.mdx

---
title: What are drop-ins?

> description: Learn how drop-ins define all of our Commerce storefronts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how drop-in components define all of our Commerce storefronts.
```

This tutorial will help you master Commerce block customizations while learning how to build an Edge Delivery Services storefront.

Drop-in components are full-featured shopping components that turn websites into storefronts. They are not the primitive components, like the Carousels and Galleries used within them. For example, our Product Details, Checkout, and Cart drop-ins are featured as full pages out of the box to create the entire storefront shopping experience for a website. Our drop-ins can also support different layouts for different purposes. For example, our MiniCart is simply a Cart with compact layout typical of MiniCarts so that they can be added to Popover or Panel components.

> ## Drop-ins are the building blocks of our storefronts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Drop-in components are the building blocks of our storefronts
```
